https://codepen.io/Biznessmain/pen/oNNGMOV

 1. What is Semantic HTML? To align code in a orgnized fasion
    2. What is HTML used for? The structure of a web page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is a word used inside an open tag to change something about the element it is embedded in 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? that is the main header usaully for the title of the page How many times should I use it on a page? once at the top of the page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes? email and password
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?  the title
    7. What is an id? an indicator for the css
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Html elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?only once  
    10. What is a class? a grouping tool for styling
    11. What elements can I add a class to? htmland css elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many times as nessary
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for?  Alternative text 
    15. How do I reference an id? by copying the name in css with this symbol "#"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? the section tag has a semantic meaning unlike the div tag but div are more used for grouping elements in css
    17. What is CSS used for? it is to add flare and design to a web page
    18. How to we select an element? Example with a dot and the name in css
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? with a dot and the name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? dot human in the css window
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? a cascading / hieracy of the state of each element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? br
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? padding
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? DK
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? DK never used dot borders before
    29. How do I select everything on the page? To select all press control A
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? //
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? git status
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? rn Why do I have to be careful with this? there is no prompt and its permient  
    34. Why should I use version control? so i can control my work flow and save
    35. How often should I commit to github? every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git commit
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. still trying to understand it
git add.
git status
git commit -m
git push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? Inline elements do not cause a line break where as block elements will.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? it will be to the top left relitive to its parent element.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? by using the atrubute overflow:hidden;
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
 