https://codepen.io/Biznessmain/pen/oNNGMOV

 1. What is Semantic HTML? To align code in a orgnized fasion
    2. What is HTML used for? The structure of a web page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? that is the header How many times should I use it on a page? once at the top of the page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes div and ul
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?  the title
    7. What is an id? an indicator for the css
    8. What elements can I add an id to? color size
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?only once  
    10. What is a class? a grouping tool for styling
    11. What elements can I add a class to? color and sizing
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many times as nessary
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    15. How do I reference an id? by copying the name in css
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? DK
    17. What is CSS used for? it is to add flare and design to a web page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page with a dot and the name in css
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? id's are lonly class are freindly. use a id for something that nothing else will be like. the class is for thing that are in different places on the page but have the same style 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? with a dot and the name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? dot human in the css window
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? a cascading / hieracy of the state of each element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? br
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? padding
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? DK
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? DK never used dot borders before
    29. How do I select everything on the page? To select all press control A
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? //
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? git status
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? rn Why do I have to be careful with this? there is no prompt and its permient  
    34. Why should I use version control? so i can control my work flow and save
    35. How often should I commit to github? every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git commit
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. still trying to understand it
git add.
git status
git commit -m
git push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 



   --> 